hey this is Pam dinner welcome to b2b
marketing and more thank you for tuning
into my channel
really appreciate it this is a place I
want to help you to become a better b2b
marketer right and I will share my
knowledge and the know-how templates so
you can apply to your job real time at
the same time I will also share my
learning my experience how to help you
to think strategically and by doing that
and hopefully you will get promoted
faster so today the topic I want to talk
about is how to better enable your sales
team and they are three ideas I want to
talk about and the most common one is
actually dimension obviously you know
taking your nql to xql and do a lot of
the album marketing effort to drive the
traffic to your website hopefully on the
website they will either request for
demo and they will hear the button say
contact sales or they will download
certain kind of content from your
perspective that indicated or provide a
clue that they are interested to buy
right and hopefully by doing that and
also through the nurturing and the
certain qualification process you can
identify high quality leads and a passed
a to a sales team so obviously a lot of
you are doing that is con nurturing it's
called dripping it's called facilitating
the prospect through a certain level of
the customer journey and even a lot of
you use the leave scoring determine you
know what type of contents they are
reading and then anticipate you know if
they have intention or the interest to
talk to your sales team so that's really
the essence of dimension a lot of us are
doing including myself I'm doing that
for myself actually to reach out or find
prospects and another way that you can
support your sales team is really
account based marketing and that is work
very closely with your sales team
specific account or strategic accounts
that they want to go after obviously
they have a plan in terms of how to
reach out to these people and what
marketing team can do is a stay close to
them and then create a very customized
marketing outreach or campaigns to
complement the sales teams effort does
that make sense so a lot of time the
account based marketing is really a lot
of effort and there's a lot of
conversation needs to happen between
sales and marketing and that you have to
use some of the marketing budget to do a
very tailored and customized effort I
mean either a customized events or even
very targeted pay media outreach
sometimes even seco marketing type of
effort which is be very strategic what
you need to do on the campus macadamias
you have to stay close to sales and then
understand the plan and then determine
what are some of the marketing campaigns
or marketing channels that you can use
to leverage that to help your sales team
so that make sense
and it can be complicated and by the way
it's very time-consuming to do it right
I want to make sure everybody understand
that it's not something that oh I want
to do a count based marketing you just
do it tomorrow no it does take time ever
plan and budget to make it happen
and another way that you can help your
sales team is really content mapping
right so the marketing side we generate
a lot of content well a lot of companies
do and you have a blog post you have
videos and you have presentation you
have a launch information all that kind
of things is it possible that that you
can identify and of course buy products
and buy persona and there were some of
the key contents and the map those
content to the fill stages that means
you have to understand different sales
stages you know what kind of content
that the sales team will need for each
stage and then select the content
marketing content and the map that into
a sales stages sometimes it's not
one-to-one mapping and you will need to
customize or change either the opening
or even the closing of a some of the
collaterals or even the presentation for
that matter and then customize the
presentation to map into a sales stages
so the content mapping is another way to
actually that marketers can do to
support their sales team so the three
things I talked about the first one is
obviously the main gent from nql to SQL
and that you have to look at in terms of
your nurturing efforts and what is your
album marketing efforts you drive
traffic to inbound and how do you
nurture the prospects over a period of
time second one is account based
marketing think it through and also stay
very close to your sales team understand
their game plans and then create a
customized marketing campaigns and
outreach to complement that third is
really content mapping can you take the
marketing contents that you create or
the marketing content that you aware
either buy most valuable most download
and most read or some of the content
from your perspective is relevant to
your target audience
map that to the sales stages that you
understand okay so these are the three
ways again this is a b2b marketing and
more
with Pam dinner I hope the information I
share with you is helpful what are some
of the creative ways that you are using
to enable and support your sales team
let me know what are some of the
challenges you encounter well send me an
email as well Pam at Pam dinner comm or
I'll leave the comments below I do be
done I'll see what I can do to answer
them thank you so much thank you so much
for listening to this episode if you
liked it hit subscribe or feel free to
share my episode or my content with your
colleagues or someone that might benefit
that will greatly appreciate it by me
and you will mean a lot to me thank you
thank you thank you if there is a
specific topic or question you have you
want me to address send it to me we'll
take it from there I hope to see you in
the next episode thanks a lot